# Week 2 Meeting Minutes - 07/10/2020

First, the questions provided in this week's status report were answered and discussed. Gethin provided me with his GitHub username so I can facilitate access to the project repository. It was agreed that adding the work from PRISM tutorials to GitHub would not be required. Gethin mentioned that spending less time on the project early on would not be an issue, especially given most early work is background reading, and that this time could be made up in semester two and the December project period. A short discussion on the differences in combined honours projects occured, and Gethin said the main differences would be in the number of models and variants considered, along with slightly less detailed analysis, but that he would advise me if he felt my workload would be too much for a combined honours project.

We discussed debugging in PRISM, and Gethin recommended that eventually I should focus on using the command line interface rather than the GUI. The interfaces are mostly equivalent in terms of functionality, but debugging using the CLI is easier because the methods PRISM uses to simulate and verify models are more explicitly shown. Moreover, PRISM outputs (such as the set of transitions) can be easily processed using standard command line tools (such as pipes and greps) to identify potential issues. I agreed, suggesting this would be especially useful to ensure that experiments can be automated and replicated later on.

Gethin then mentioned that many values (including probabilities) can be left unspecified during model creation, then either defined during verification and simulation, or can be part of "experiments" by changing their values and examining how various properties change. I decided it would be useful to review the PRISM manual and learn about concepts not covered in the existing tutorials.

Finally, work for the coming week was then agreed. I should complete the remaining parts of the PRISM tutorials for DTMCs and MDPs (i.e Part 5 and Part 6) to gain more experience working with PRISM, especially for MDPs. I should also review a series of [lectures](http://www.prismmodelchecker.org/lectures/pmc/) on probabilistic model checking, focusing on DTMCs and MDPs. This should help me understand the underlying theory behind PRISM, which should aid in debugging any models I develop. Finally, if time permits, I should try experimenting with PRISM-games and note differences and similarities with PRISM.

