# Week 12 Minutes - 16/12/20

First, this week's question was discussed, about verifying properties of POMDPs by considering their corresponding MDPs. Gethin remarked that the minimum and maximum probabilities of reachability properties are more extreme for an MDP than a POMDP, since adversaries for an MDP have more information and may use this information to attain more optimal results.

Then, the 3rd game I proposed was discussed, called "26.2: The Marathon Dice Game". Gethin agreed the game would be interesting to analyse, and suggested various properties of the game that could be analysed, in particular comparing the turn based and concurrent versions of the game to examine how this impacts the optimal strategies of the game. I originally suggested that the game plays similarly regardless of the number of players, so there is no need to have any more than 2 players, but Gethin remarked that having more players could make a difference. For instance, with many players in a coalition against one player, risky strategies become much more viable, because only one player in the coalition needs to win for the whole coalition to win.

Finally, a short discussion on next semester ensued. Gethin emphasised that I should definitely take a break after the 18th, but we would rearrange meetings next semester for a different day since Wednesday afternoons would be especially busy for me. Gethin also emphasised that the status report is a minor document, so I should spend very little time on it. Moreover, the dissertation structure was discussed, and I suggested that it would be better to group each section based on case study rather than each "type" of work (e.g rather than introducing all background information at once, introduce it when it's just about to be used), and Gethin agreed this would be easier to read.
