# Week 14 Minutes - 19/01/21

First, the questions of the week were discussed. On writing the background section, Gethin recommended writing more than intended to begin with, then remove content as required. Moreover, when including examples, ideally I should come up with an example that is very small and simple, that can be adapted throughout the dissertation to adapt to different types of models. An idea was briefly mentioned during the meeting where players each choose a dice to roll from a few options with different sides, but I plan to think about this further in the coming weeks. In addition, when mentioning techniques for state space reduction, Gethin remarked I should mention them in the section for the first case study they are used, since they may require some explanation of the underlying game to make sense.

The meeting concluded with a summary of next week's work - I will focus on creating some manual properties of 26.2, focusing on win probability and potentially the number of rounds required to complete the game. In addition I will complete refactoring of my manual model to implement the integer solutions method described in this week's plan. Moreover, I should hopefully have time to start developing preprocessing tools for 26.2, with the expectation that this step should be relatively straightforward owing to previous experience and overlap with the previous two case studies, especially Shut The Box.

Gethin also remarked that the POMDPs branch of PRISM was updated over Christmas with improved performance for strategy generation. I noted this, and decided to spend some time investigating these changes when I return to finish off work on Liar's Dice.