# Week 4 Meeting Minutes - 21/10/2020

First, the submitted questions for the week were discussed. On strategy generation, Gethin remarked that in order to determine the optimal value of a particular property, a strategy must be generated anyway (and vice versa). Gethin also advised against using the GUI in PRISM-games for strategy generation, since this tool is unfinished. Gethin recommended using the command line interface to generate .dot files, which is what I do at the moment - this contains all the information about the strategy in a clear, visual format, and it includes comments giving everything an .adv file would anyway. With regards to defining my own strategies, Gethin said I should do that at the model level, so changing the values of particular guards and pruning choices from the model to generate my strategy. I'm mainly focusing on strategies usable by humans (and hence very simple), so this should be doable, and my preprocessing scripts should be able to assist with this.

Some other aspects of stochastic games were discussed. Gethin remarked that turnbased games are really just special cases of concurrent games, so the methods I would use to define both types of games are fairly similar. Gethin also mentioned that optimising a number of values using a coalition of players often follows a minimax style argument in zero-sum games, where one player plays "optimally" and the other players in the coalition play "suboptimally" to maximise the available payout for the first player.

A brief discussion on dissertation writing also occurred, and Gethin suggested that I shouldn't start writing the dissertation until the start of semester 2, since if I start writing earlier than this there's the possibility that further information or research makes what I've already written obsolete. Gethin also mentioned that, when it was time to write the dissertation, he would be willing to read drafts of chapters and suggest changes to refine each chapter, and finally bring the entire dissertation together and read a draft of that. Gethin also mentioned that writing informal notes and results now would be important, especially to gather my thoughts at various stages of the project.

I suggested writing a month-by-month plan for next week, and Gethin suggested waiting until next week to start this - that way, I could consider the length of time required for model development and factor this in accordingly, making my plan more accurate. I agreed with this, postponing this task one week.

Finally, the plan for the next week was agreed. I should start developing a model for Shut the Box. My model should initially start small, with a restricted number of boards and a simple probability distribution, so that the results are clear to understand manually. Once this is complete (though it may take slightly more than a week), I should then work on understanding the steps I need to scale up in order to define similar models for a larger number of boxes, in order to generate pre-processing scripts. Gethin requested that I send him the in progress model on Tuesday afternoon, along with this week's plan, so that he can review the model on Wednesday morning and suggest refinements during our meeting.


